{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red36\green36\blue36;\red55\green102\blue150;\red36\green36\blue36;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red55\green102\blue150;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220

\f0\fs22 \cf2 I was able to control 3 drones using a wireless router connected to a PC. I downloaded a WiFi setup program into the drones. Then when each drone starts and gets connected to the adhoc network, I telnet into the drone and run the WiFi setup program that tells it to disconnect from the adhoc network and connect to the wireless router (I used a Sitecom). The DHCP server assigns an IP address to the drone which you can see from the router console. This is done for all the drones you want to connect. After all the drones have been connected, I used two Java classes to control them simultaneously. The WiFi setup shell file and the Java classes are attached.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa40
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://projects.ardrone.org/attachments/472/mywifisetup.sh"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf3 mywifisetup.sh}} - wifi setup shell file the tells an Ar.Drone to disconnect from its current adhoc network and connect to a router (sitecom in this case) (173 Bytes)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa40
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://projects.ardrone.org/attachments/473/ARDroneMulti.zip"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf3 ARDroneMulti.zip}} - Two Java classes that enable you to control multiple AR.Drones using their assigned IP addresses (11.7 KB)\
\
#Same guy\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220
\cf4 \cb5 You can connected multiple AR.Drones using a wireless router connected to a computer. Create a wifi setup shell file and download it via ftp into the drones you want to connect. When each of the drone starts, run your wifi setup file which tells it to disconnect from the adhoc wifi network and connect to the wireless router. \uc0\u8232 The DHCP server on the router assigns a new IP address for the drone. You can read this addresses from the router console. Do this for as many drones as you want to connect (or as many nodes as your router can support) and you have a network of AR.Drones which can be controlled simultaneously.\
I have attached a wifi setup sample shell file and a zip file which contains Java classes that enabled me control three AR.drones in a network.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa40
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://projects.ardrone.org/attachments/469/mywifisetup.sh"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf6 mywifisetup.sh}} - A wifi setup shell file that allows an AR.Drone to disconnect from its current adhoc wifi connection and connect to a wireless router (173 Bytes)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa40
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://projects.ardrone.org/attachments/470/ARDroneMulti.zip"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf6 ARDroneMulti.zip}} - Two Java classes that enable you to control multiple AR.Drones using their assigned IP addresses (11.7 KB)\
}